---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-product_coupon Data Source - terraform-provider-epilot-product"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coupon DataSource
---

# epilot-product_coupon (Data Source)

Coupon DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "epilot-product_coupon" "my_coupon" {
  hydrate = true
  strict  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hydrate` (Boolean) Hydrates entities in relations when passed true
- `strict` (Boolean) When passed true, the response will contain only fields that match the schema, with non-matching fields included in `__additional`

### Read-Only

- `acl` (Attributes) Access control list (ACL) for an entity. Defines sharing access to external orgs or users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `active` (Boolean)
- `additional` (String) Additional fields that are not part of the schema. Parsed as JSON.
- `cashback_period` (String) The cashback period, for now it's limited to either 0 months or 12 months
- `category` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `files` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `fixed_value` (Number) Use if type is set to fixed. The fixed amount in cents to be discounted, represented as a whole integer.
- `fixed_value_currency` (String) Use if type is set to fixed. Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase.
- `fixed_value_decimal` (String) Use if type is set to fixed. The unit amount in cents to be discounted, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `manifest` (List of String) Manifest ID used to create/update the entity
- `name` (String)
- `org` (String) Organization Id the entity belongs to
- `owners` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `percentage_value` (String) Use if type is set to percentage. The percentage to be discounted, represented as a whole integer.
- `prices` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prices))
- `promo_code_usage` (String) Map of ids of promo codes with their usage count. Parsed as JSON.
- `promo_codes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--promo_codes))
- `purpose` (List of String)
- `requires_promo_code` (Boolean) Whether the coupon requires a promo code to be applied
- `schema` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)
- `title` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Read-Only:

- `delete` (List of String)
- `edit` (List of String)
- `view` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Read-Only:

- `dollar_relation` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files--dollar_relation))

<a id="nestedatt--files--dollar_relation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files.dollar_relation`

Read-Only:

- `entity_id` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Read-Only:

- `org_id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--prices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prices`

Read-Only:

- `dollar_relation` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prices--dollar_relation))

<a id="nestedatt--prices--dollar_relation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prices.dollar_relation`

Read-Only:

- `entity_id` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--promo_codes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `promo_codes`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The code of the promo code
- `has_usage_limit` (Boolean) Whether the promo code has a usage limit
- `id` (String) The id of the promo code
- `usage_limit` (Number) The usage limit of the promo code
