---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-product_product_recommendation Data Source - terraform-provider-epilot-product"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ProductRecommendation DataSource
---

# epilot-product_product_recommendation (Data Source)

ProductRecommendation DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "epilot-product_product_recommendation" "my_productrecommendation" {
  hydrate = true
  strict  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `hydrate` (Boolean) Hydrates entities in relations when passed true
- `strict` (Boolean) When passed true, the response will contain only fields that match the schema, with non-matching fields included in `__additional`

### Read-Only

- `acl` (Attributes) Access control list (ACL) for an entity. Defines sharing access to external orgs or users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `additional` (String) Additional fields that are not part of the schema. Parsed as JSON.
- `created_at` (String)
- `files` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `manifest` (List of String) Manifest ID used to create/update the entity
- `offers` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `org` (String) Organization Id the entity belongs to
- `owners` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `purpose` (List of String)
- `schema` (String)
- `source_price` (String) Price being used as source. Parsed as JSON.
- `source_product` (String) Product being used as source. Parsed as JSON.
- `tags` (List of String)
- `title` (String)
- `type` (String) Type of product recommendation
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Read-Only:

- `delete` (List of String)
- `edit` (List of String)
- `view` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Read-Only:

- `dollar_relation` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files--dollar_relation))

<a id="nestedatt--files--dollar_relation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files.dollar_relation`

Read-Only:

- `entity_id` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Read-Only:

- `org_id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)
