---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-product_price Resource - terraform-provider-epilot-product"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Price Resource
---

# epilot-product_price (Resource)

Price Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "epilot-product_price" "my_price" {
  active = false
  additional = {
    "see" : jsonencode("documentation"),
  }
  billing_duration_amount = 4.23
  billing_duration_unit   = "years"
  description             = "...my_description..."
  files = {
    dollar_relation = [
      {
        entity_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
        tags = [
          "..."
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  is_composite_price = false
  is_tax_inclusive   = false
  long_description   = "...my_long_description..."
  manifest = [
    "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  ]
  notice_time_amount = 7.88
  notice_time_unit   = "weeks"
  price_components = {
    dollar_relation = [
      {
        entity_id = "...my_entity_id..."
        tags = [
          "..."
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
  price_display_in_journeys = "show_price"
  pricing_model             = "tiered_graduated"
  renewal_duration_amount   = 3.79
  renewal_duration_unit     = "years"
  schema                    = "price"
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  tax                     = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  termination_time_amount = 2.23
  termination_time_unit   = "years"
  tiers = [
    {
      display_mode            = "on_request"
      flat_fee_amount         = 1.58
      flat_fee_amount_decimal = "...my_flat_fee_amount_decimal..."
      unit_amount             = 4.92
      unit_amount_decimal     = "...my_unit_amount_decimal..."
      up_to                   = 5.32
    }
  ]
  type                 = "one_time"
  unit                 = "...my_unit..."
  unit_amount          = 6.37
  unit_amount_currency = "EUR"
  unit_amount_decimal  = "...my_unit_amount_decimal..."
  variable_price       = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the price can be used for new purchases.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the price.

### Optional

- `additional` (Map of String) Additional fields that are not part of the schema
- `billing_duration_amount` (Number) The billing period duration
- `billing_duration_unit` (String) The billing period duration unit. must be one of ["weeks", "months", "years"]
- `files` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `is_composite_price` (Boolean) The flag for prices that contain price components.
- `is_tax_inclusive` (Boolean) Specifies whether the price is considered `inclusive` of taxes or not. Default: false
- `long_description` (String) A detailed description of the price. This is shown on the order document and order table. Multi-line supported.
- `manifest` (List of String) Manifest ID used to create/update the entity
- `notice_time_amount` (Number) The notice period duration
- `notice_time_unit` (String) The notice period duration unit. must be one of ["weeks", "months", "years"]
- `price_components` (Attributes) A set of [price](/api/pricing#tag/simple_price_schema) components that define the composite price. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--price_components))
- `price_display_in_journeys` (String) Defines the way the price amount is display in epilot journeys. must be one of ["show_price", "show_as_starting_price", "show_as_on_request"]
- `pricing_model` (String) Describes how to compute the price per period. Either `per_unit`, `tiered_graduated` or `tiered_volume`.
- `per_unit` indicates that the fixed amount (specified in unit_amount or unit_amount_decimal) will be charged per unit in quantity
- `tiered_graduated` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using tiers attribute. The customer pays the price per unit in every range their purchase rises through.
- `tiered_volume` indicates that the unit pricing will be computed using tiers attribute. The customer pays the same unit price for all purchased units.
- `tiered_flatfee` While similar to tiered_volume, tiered flat fee charges for the same price (flat) for the entire range instead using the unit price to multiply the quantity.
Default: "per_unit"; must be one of ["per_unit", "tiered_volume", "tiered_graduated", "tiered_flatfee"]
- `renewal_duration_amount` (Number) The renewal period duration
- `renewal_duration_unit` (String) The renewal period duration unit. must be one of ["weeks", "months", "years"]
- `schema` (String) must be "price"
- `tags` (List of String)
- `tax` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `termination_time_amount` (Number) The termination period duration
- `termination_time_unit` (String) The termination period duration unit. must be one of ["weeks", "months", "years"]
- `tiers` (Attributes List) Defines an array of tiers. Each tier has an upper bound, an unit amount and a flat fee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tiers))
- `type` (String) One of `one_time` or `recurring` depending on whether the price is for a one-time purchase or a recurring (subscription) purchase. Default: "one_time"; must be one of ["one_time", "recurring"]
- `unit` (String) The unit of measurement used for display purposes and possibly for calculations when the price is variable.
- `unit_amount` (Number) The unit amount in cents to be charged, represented as a whole integer if possible.
- `unit_amount_currency` (String) Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase.
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String) The unit amount in cents to be charged, represented as a decimal string with at most 12 decimal places.
- `variable_price` (Boolean) The flag for prices that can be influenced by external variables such as user input. Default: false

### Read-Only

- `acl` (Attributes) Access control list (ACL) for an entity. Defines sharing access to external orgs or users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acl))
- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `org` (String) Organization Id the entity belongs to
- `owners` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `title` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Optional:

- `dollar_relation` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files--dollar_relation))

<a id="nestedatt--files--dollar_relation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files.dollar_relation`

Optional:

- `entity_id` (String)
- `tags` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--price_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_components`

Optional:

- `dollar_relation` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--price_components--dollar_relation))

<a id="nestedatt--price_components--dollar_relation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_components.dollar_relation`

Optional:

- `entity_id` (String) The id of the price component
- `tags` (List of String) An arbitrary set of tags attached to the composite price - component relation



<a id="nestedatt--tiers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiers`

Optional:

- `display_mode` (String) must be one of ["hidden", "on_request"]
- `flat_fee_amount` (Number)
- `flat_fee_amount_decimal` (String)
- `unit_amount` (Number)
- `unit_amount_decimal` (String)
- `up_to` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Read-Only:

- `delete` (List of String)
- `edit` (List of String)
- `view` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Read-Only:

- `org_id` (String)
- `user_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import epilot-product_price.my_epilot-product_price "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
```
